zlib 0.94 is a beta version of a general purpose compression library.
Unless new bugs are found it will be released again as the first official
version (1.0). This version has no known bugs.

The data format used by the zlib library is described in the
files zlib-3.1.doc, deflate-1.1.doc and gzip-4.1.doc, available
in ftp.uu.net:/pub/archiving/zip/doc.

All functions of the compression library are documented in the file
zlib.h. A usage example of the library is given in the file example.c
which also tests that the library is working correctly.

To compile all files and run the test program, just type: make test
(For MSDOS, use one of the special makefiles such as Makefile.msc.)
To install the zlib library (libz.a) in /usr/local/lib, type: make install
To install in a different directory, use for example:
  make install prefix=$HOME
This will install in $HOME/lib instead of /usr/local/lib.

The changes made in version 0.94 are documented in the file ChangeLog.
The main changes since 0.93 are:
- support MSDOS small and medium model
- fix deflate with flush (could sometimes generate bad output)
- fix deflateReset (zlib header was incorrectly suppressed)
- added support for VMS
- allow a compression level in gzopen()
- gzflush now calls fflush
- For deflate with flush, flush even if no more input is provided.
- rename libgz.a as libz.a

For MSDOS, the small and medium models are supported only for Microsoft C.
(It should be easy to support them for Borland C also, but I don't have
a recent Borland compiler to test with.) The small model currently works
for Turbo/Borland C but only with reduced performance to avoid any far
allocation (tested with -DMAX_WBITS=11 -DDEF_WBITS=11 -DMAX_MEM_LEVEL=3).


 (C) 1995 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler

  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
  arising from the use of this software.

  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:

  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
     appreciated but is not required.
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
     misrepresented as being the original software.
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

  Jean-loup Gailly        Mark Adler
  gzip@prep.ai.mit.edu    madler@alumni.caltech.edu

If you use the zlib library in a product, we would appreciate *not*
receiving lengthy legal documents to sign. The sources are provided
for free but without warranty of any kind.  The library has been
entirely written by Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler; it does not
include third-party code.

If you redistribute modified sources, we would appreciate that you include
in the file ChangeLog history information documenting your changes.
